[BUG/TEST] Refaxed and fixed multiplexer reusage. Fixed ReuseAddr tests. (#2608)
Haivision/srt: docs/API/API-functions.md

Binds a socket to a local address and port. Binding specifies the local network
interface and the UDP port number to be used for the socket. When the local 
address is a wildcard (`INADDR_ANY` for IPv4 or `in6addr_any` for IPv6), then

> it's bound to all interfaces (although see `SRTO_IPV6ONLY` and an additional

Reviewer: ```suggestion
it's bound to all interfaces (although see `SRTO_IPV6ONLY` and additional
```

information below for details about the wildcard address in IPv6).

> Binding is necessary for every socket to be used for communication. It can be
> bound implicitly, when the socket is being connected to a listening socket in
> the network using [`srt_connect`](#srt_connect) or a similar function that does
> the same, in which case the socket will be bound to a wildcard address of
> the IP version as specified in the `sockaddr::sa_family` field and port number
> 0.  In other cases it must be bound explicitly using this function, or some
> other function that uses this functionality.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Binding is necessary for every socket to be used for communication. It can be
bound implicitly, such as when the socket is being connected to a listening socket in
the network using [`srt_connect`](#srt_connect). Functions similar to this can bind 
a socket implicitly to a wildcard address of the IP version as specified in the 
`sockaddr::sa_family` field and port number 0.  In other cases, a socket must 
be bound explicitly using such functionality.
```

Author: What I meant here is that `srt_connect` is not the only function that initiates the connection process. Implicit binding is possible (meaning: the call to a binding function, such as this one - `srt_bind` - is not obligatory) only in case when the socket is used to initiate a connection to the other listener socket, which can be, most simply, accomplished by `srt_connect` or some other function that does the same thing, at least among other things that it might be doing (for example, `srt_connect_bind` performs the role of `srt_bind` function and then `srt_connect`). Maybe better to say something like "It can be bound implicitly, if the socket is to be used to initiate a connection to a listener socket, which can be done e.g. by `srt_connect` function"...

Author: How about this:
```suggestion
Binding is necessary for every socket to be used for communication. If the socket
is to be used to initiate a connection to a listener socket, which can be done,
for example, by the [`srt_connect`](#srt_connect) function, the socket is bound
implicitly to the wildcard address according to the IP family (`INADDR_ANY` for
`AF_INET` or `in6addr_any` for `AF_INET6`) and port number 0. In all other cases,
a socket must be bound explicitly by using the functionality of this function first.
```

Reviewer: Above is okay. Here is another possibility based on your earlier comment:

```suggestion
Binding is necessary for every socket to be used for communication. 
Implicit binding (meaning the call to a binding function like `srt_bind` 
is not obligatory) is possible only when the socket is used to initiate 
a connection to a listener socket on the network. In this case it can 
be bound implicitly using the [`srt_connect`](#srt_connect) function, 
although `srt_connect` is not the only function that can initiate the 
connection process. This can be accomplished by other similar functions.
For example, `srt_connect_bind` performs the role of the `srt_bind` 
function and `srt_connect`, whereupon the socket will be bound to a 
wildcard address of the IP version as specified in the `sockaddr::sa_family` 
field and port number 0. In other cases, a socket must first  be bound explicitly 
by using similar functionality.
```

When the port number is 0 (including the implicit binding case), then the port
number will be system-allocated and can be determined after an explicit or

> implicit binding using [`srt_getsockname`](#srt_getsockname).

Author: I just wanted to mention here, should the reader have forgotten, that port 0 is also used when binding is explicit (that is, the `srt_connect` was called without calling `srt_bind` first), just as well it can be set this value when binding explicitly (by calling `srt_bind`).

> implicit binding using [`srt_getsockname`](#srt_getsockname).

Reviewer: @ethouris Sorry, I'm not a port expert. When you say "when a port number is 0" followed by "the port number will be system allocated" are you referring to two different ports?

> implicit binding using [`srt_getsockname`](#srt_getsockname).

Author: With `srt_bind` you define what port you request from the system to allocate, and it will allocate, unless this port is busy. In this case, if the operation has succeeded, you can take as a good deal that the socket was bound to exactly that port.

But by specifying the port number 0 you request the system to find the first free port for you (so it will find, for example, 54321), so after `srt_bind` succeded you don't know which port the system has bound the socket to. To extract this information, you have to call `srt_getsockname`.

This rule for port number 0 is actually how the system does it, when SRT binds the underlying UDP socket to that address. SRT then calls the `getsockname` itself, after successful `bind`, to record this address in its internal data, and this is what the user's call to `srt_getsockname` will return.

> When the port number is 0 (including the implicit binding case), then the port
> number will be system-allocated and can be determined after an explicit or
> implicit binding using [`srt_getsockname`](#srt_getsockname).

Author: Maybe this:

```suggestion
When the port number specified for binding is 0 (including when binding was done implicitly), then the effective port number will be the one that system allocates automatically. To obtain this effective port number you can use [`srt_getsockname`](#srt_getsockname).
```

> When the port number is 0 (including the implicit binding case), then the port
> number will be system-allocated and can be determined after an explicit or
> implicit binding using [`srt_getsockname`](#srt_getsockname).

Reviewer: Above is okay, but here is another possibility based on your earlier comments:

```suggestion
Port 0 is used when binding is implicit (that is, when `srt_connect` is called 
without calling `srt_bind` first). It can also be set to this value when binding 
explicitly (by calling `srt_bind`). With `srt_bind` you define what port you request 
from the system, and it will allocate it, unless this port is busy. In such cases, 
if the operation has succeeded, you can be certain that the socket was bound to 
the port you requested. But by specifying port number 0 (including when binding 
implicitly) you request the system to find the first available port. If `srt_bind` 
succeeds, you don't know to which port the system has bound the socket, since the 
effective port number will be the one that the system allocates automatically. To 
obtain this information, you can use [`srt_getsockname`](#srt_getsockname).
```

This call is obligatory for a listening socket before calling [`srt_listen`](#srt_listen)
and for rendezvous mode before calling [`srt_connect`](#srt_connect); otherwise it's 
optional. For a listening socket it defines the network interface and the port where 
the listener should expect a call request.

In the case of rendezvous mode there's a pair of two endpoints (address-and-port
specifications), let's name them A and B, and for both parties one endpoint is
local and the other is remote one. The party, for which the A's address is
local, should bind to the A address, and then connect to the B endpoint, and the
other party the other way around. Both sockets must be set
[`SRTO_RENDEZVOUS`](API-socket-options.md#SRTO_RENDEZVOUS) to *true* to make

> this connection possible.

Reviewer: <img width="753" alt="image" src="https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/28537807/214648294-f2915107-e168-4b0f-b13e-477f89f6decb.png">

@ethouris Does this drawing reflect what you are trying to say in the text above?

Author: Rather something like this:
![image](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/9600392/214790127-aff35bab-7bca-4613-9be7-b41f2fcf562c.png)

Author: Maybe this could be better.

```suggestion
In the case of rendezvous mode there are two parties that connect to one another. 
For every party there must be chosen a local binding endpoint (local address and port)
to which they expect connection from the opposite party. Let's say, we have a Party 1
that selects an endpoint A and a Party 2 that selects an endpoint B. In this case the Party 1
binds the socket to the endpoint A and then connects to the endpoint B, and the Party 2
the other way around. Both sockets must be set
[`SRTO_RENDEZVOUS`](API-socket-options.md#SRTO_RENDEZVOUS) to *true* to make
this connection possible.
```

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In rendezvous mode there are two parties that connect to one another. 
For each party you must designate a local binding endpoint (local address and port)
on which they expect the connection from the opposite party. Let's say Party 1 has 
endpoint A and Party 2 has endpoint B. In this case the Party 1 binds the socket to 
endpoint A and then connects to endpoint B. Party 2 does the reverse (binds the socket 
to endpoint B and then connects to endpoint A). Both sockets must be set  to *true* to make 
this connection possible (see [`SRTO_RENDEZVOUS`](API-socket-options.md#SRTO_RENDEZVOUS)).
```

> For a connecting socket this call is optional, but can be used to set up the

Reviewer 2: Which call? The context is lost as if `SRTO_RENDEZVOUS` is being referred to, while it is actually `srt_bind`.

Author: The call to `srt_bind` is meant here. 
```suggestion
For a connecting socket the call to `srt_bind` is optional, but can be used to set up the
```

outgoing port for communication as well as the local interface through which

> it should reach out to the remote endpoint, should that be by some reason necessary.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
it should reach out to the remote endpoint, should that be necessary.
```

> Whether binding is possible, it depends on some runtime conditions, in particular:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Whether binding is possible depends on some runtime conditions, in particular:
```

* No socket in the system has been bound to this port ("free binding"), or

* A socket bound to this port is bound to a certain address, and this binding is
  using a different non-wildcard address ("side binding"), or

* A socket bound to this port is bound to a wildcard address for a different IP
  version than the version requested for this binding ("side wildcard binding",
  see also `SRTO_IPV6ONLY` socket option).

It is also possible to bind to the already busy port as long as the existing

> binding ("shared bindin") is possessed by an SRT socket created in the same

Reviewer: ```suggestion
binding ("shared binding") is possessed by an SRT socket created in the same
```

application, and:

* Its binding address and UDP-related socket options match the socket to be bound.
* Its [`SRTO_REUSEADDR`](API-socket-options.md#SRTO_REUSEADDRS) is set to *true* (default).

> If none of the free, side and shared binding is currently possible, this function

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If none of the free, side and shared binding options is currently possible, this function
```

> will fail. If the socket in the way blocking the requested endpoint is an SRT

Reviewer: ```suggestion
will fail. If the socket blocking the requested endpoint is an SRT
```

socket in the current application, it will report the `SRT_EBINDCONFLICT` error,
while if it was another socket in the system, or the problem was in the system

> in general, it will report `SRT_ESOCKFAIL`.

Author: ```suggestion
in general, it will report `SRT_ESOCKFAIL`. Here is the table that shows possible situations:

| Address in srt_bind | Result for attempted binding |           |                             |               |               |
|---------------------|------------------------------|-----------|-----------------------------|---------------|---------------|
| Bind address        | A.B.C.D                      | 0.0.0.0   | ::X                         | :: / V6ONLY=1 | :: / V6ONLY=0 |
| 1.2.3.4             | 1.2.3.4 shareable, else free | blocked   | free                        | free          | blocked       |
| 0.0.0.0             | blocked                      | shareable | free                        | free          | blocked       |
| 8080::1             | free                         | free      | 8080::1 sharable, else free | blocked       | blocked       |
| :: / V6ONLY=1       | free                         | free      | blocked                     | sharable      | blocked       |
| :: / V6ONLY=0       | blocked                      | blocked   | blocked                     | blocked       | sharable      |

```

**NOTE**: This function cannot be called on a socket group. If you need to
have the group-member socket bound to the specified source address before
connecting, use [`srt_connect_bind`](#srt_connect_bind) for that purpose
or set the appropriate source address using
[`srt_prepare_endpoint`](#srt_prepare_endpoint).

> **IMPORTANT** information about IPv6: If you are going to bind to the

Reviewer: ```suggestion
**IMPORTANT information about IPv6**: If you are going to bind to the
```

`in6addr_any` IPv6 wildcard address (known as `::`), the `SRTO_IPV6ONLY`

> option must be first set explicitly to 0 or 1 or otherwise the binding

Reviewer: ```suggestion
option must be first set explicitly to 0 or 1, otherwise the binding
```

* No socket in the system has been bound to this port ("free binding"), or

* A socket bound to this port is bound to a certain address, and this binding is
  using a different non-wildcard address ("side binding"), or

* A socket bound to this port is bound to a wildcard address for a different IP
  version than the version requested for this binding ("side wildcard binding",
  see also `SRTO_IPV6ONLY` socket option).

It is also possible to bind to the already busy port as long as the existing
binding ("shared binding") is possessed by an SRT socket created in the same
application, and:

* Its binding address and UDP-related socket options match the socket to be bound.
* Its [`SRTO_REUSEADDR`](API-socket-options.md#SRTO_REUSEADDRS) is set to *true* (default).

If none of the free, side and shared binding options is currently possible, this function
will fail. If the socket blocking the requested endpoint is an SRT
socket in the current application, it will report the `SRT_EBINDCONFLICT` error,
while if it was another socket in the system, or the problem was in the system
in general, it will report `SRT_ESOCKFAIL`. Here is the table that shows possible situations:

> | Address in srt_bind | Result for attempted binding |           |                             |               |               |
> |---------------------|------------------------------|-----------|-----------------------------|---------------|---------------|
> | Bind address        | A.B.C.D                      | 0.0.0.0   | ::X                         | :: / V6ONLY=1 | :: / V6ONLY=0 |

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
|  | Requested binding |           |                             |               |               |
|---------------------|------------------------------|-----------|-----------------------------|---------------|---------------|
| Bind address        | A.B.C.D                      | 0.0.0.0   | ::X                         | :: / V6ONLY=1 | :: / V6ONLY=0 |
```

Reviewer 2: Maybe this way is less confusing

Author: No, this is incorrect. I think rather this one:

```suggestion
| Requested binding   | vs. Existing bindings...     |           |                             |               |               |
|---------------------|------------------------------|-----------|-----------------------------|---------------|---------------|
| Bind address        | A.B.C.D                      | 0.0.0.0   | ::X                         | :: / V6ONLY=1 | :: / V6ONLY=0 |
```

| 1.2.3.4             | 1.2.3.4 shareable, else free | blocked   | free                        | free          | blocked       |
| 0.0.0.0             | blocked                      | shareable | free                        | free          | blocked       |
| 8080::1             | free                         | free      | 8080::1 sharable, else free | blocked       | blocked       |
| :: / V6ONLY=1       | free                         | free      | blocked                     | sharable      | blocked       |
| :: / V6ONLY=0       | blocked                      | blocked   | blocked                     | blocked       | sharable      |

> 

Author: I think some explanation may be also needed

```suggestion
Where:

* free: this binding can coexist with the requested binding

* blocked: this binding conflicts with the requested binding

* shareable: this binding can be shared with the requested binding, if it's compatible

* (ADR) shareable, else free: this binding is shareable, if the requested binding address is
equal to the given one, otherwise it's free

If the binding is shareable, then the operation will succeed, if the socket that currently
occupies the binding has the `SRTO_REUSEADDR` option set to true (default) and all UDP
settings are the same as in the current socket, otherwise it will fail. Shared binding means
sharing the underlying UDP socket and communication queues between SRT sockets.
```

Reviewer: Some very minor edits. What does "ADR" stand for?

```suggestion
Where:
* free: This binding can coexist with the requested binding.
* blocked: This binding conflicts with the requested binding.
* shareable: This binding can be shared with the requested binding if it's compatible.
* (ADR) shareable, else free: this binding is shareable if the requested binding address is
equal to the given one. Otherwise it's free.
If the binding is shareable, then the operation will succeed if the socket that currently
occupies the binding has the `SRTO_REUSEADDR` option set to true (default) and all UDP
settings are the same as in the current socket. Otherwise it will fail. Shared binding means
sharing the underlying UDP socket and communication queues between SRT sockets. If
all existing bindings on the same port are "free" then the requested binding will
allocate a distinct UDP socket for this SRT socket ("side binding").

```
